Make it clear that the default port for ETH2 is 9000 udp/tcp (#2421)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/options.md

                               addresses.
     --listen-address          Listening address for the Ethereum LibP2P and Discovery v5
                               traffic.

>      --tcp-port                Listening UDP port for node discovery, default is 9000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     --tcp-port                Listening TCP port for Ethereum LibP2P traffic, the default is 9000
```

>      --tcp-port                Override default listening TCP port 9000 TCP port for Ethereum LibP2P traffic.

Reviewer 2: As this is a dump of the `--help` command, I wouldn't really alter the documentation here.

Reviewer: @deme we can actually change the help docs in `conf.nim` manually for the time being, until proper support is added in confutils

Reviewer 2: Yup, that was what I was implying on, rather change it there for now then just in these docs here.

>      --udp-port                Override default listening UDP port 9000 UDP port for node discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     --udp-port                Listening UDP port for node discovery, default is 9000
```
